# The Power Management

We'll now add power to the entire robot by adding the parts on the back of the robot.

This part isn't complicated at all, with just a couple of screws and components. Enjoy !

---

## Adding the Power Board

We'll start by adding the Power Board to the back part of the robot. This board is responsible for distributing the power from the battery to all the components of the robot.

Here's what you'll need for this step:

| Ressource            | Quantity |
| -------------------- | :------: |
| `Back` part          |    1     |
| Power Board PCB      |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws  |    3     |

### Place the Power Board

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/power-board-place.webm" />

#text
Place the Power Board on the back part of the robot as shown.

Make sure to orient the Power Board correctly, and align the holes of the PCB with the holes of the back part.
::

### Screw the Power Board

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/power-board-screw.webm" />

#text
Screw the Power Board to the back part using three `M2.5 x 4mm` screws.

Make sure the Power Board is well secured, but don't screw it like crazy to avoid damaging the parts.
::

---

## Wiring up the Power Board

Now that the Power Board is in place, we can wire it up to the rest of the robot !

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                | Quantity |
| ------------------------ | :------: |
| `JST-PH 4-Pin` connector |    1     |
| `JST-PH 2-Pin` connector |    1     |

### Connect the JST-PH 4-Pin connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/power-board-wire-4pin.webm" />

#text
We'll start by connecting the JST-PH 4-Pin connector to the Power Board.

Make sure the connector is pushed all the way in :)
::

### Connect the JST-PH 2-Pin connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/power-board-wire-2pin.webm" />

#text
Now connect the JST-PH 2-Pin connector to the Power Board.

In the same way as the 4-Pin connector, make sure the 2-Pin connector is pushed all the way in to ensure a good connection.
::

---

## Add and connect the Buck Converter

Now that the Power Board has its two side cables connected, we can add the DC-DC Buck Converter, and connect all the components to it !

This component is responsible for converting the voltage from the battery to the lower voltage needed to power the motors.

For this part, you'll need :

| Ressource            | Quantity |
| -------------------- | :------: |
| DC-DC Buck Converter |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws  |    4     |

### Place the Buck Converter

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/buck-converter-place.webm" />

#text
Place the Buck Converter in the **back of the torso** as shown.

Make sure to orient it correctly :
- The *IN* text on the PCB should be **towards the back** of the robot.
- The *OUT* text on the PCB as well as the two blue potentiometers should be **towards the front** of the robot.
::

### Screw the Buck Converter

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/buck-converter-screw.webm" />

#text
Screw the Buck Converter to the torso **using the four `M2.5 x 4mm` screws**.

Place the screws in the four holes at the corners of the PCB.

As for all the other components, make sure the Buck Converter is well secured but **don't screw it like crazy**.
::

---

## Connect the Power Board to the Buck Converter

The Buck Converter is now in place, let's connect the Power Board to it to complete the power-side of the robot !

### Unscrew the Buck Converter Screws

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/buck-unscrew.webm" />

#text
Unscrew the two screws on the *IN* terminal of the Buck Converter with a screwdriver.

Keep the screws, we'll need right after to connect the Power Board !
::

### Connect the Power Board to the Buck Converter

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/power-board-buck.webm" />

#text
Now place the ring terminals of the Power Board's wires on the terminal of the Buck Converter.

Make sure to place the Ground wire (black) on the side with the *IN-* label next to it, and the Positive wire (red) on the side with the *IN+* label next to it.
::

### Screw the wires to the Buck Converter Terminal

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/buck-screw.webm" />

#text
Now that the wires are properly placed on the terminal, secure the connection by screwing the two screws you removed in the previous step back in place.

Make sure the screws are tight enough to hold the wires in place and ensure a good electrical connection.
::

---

## Wire the Paw Boards

We'll now connect the two Paw Boards to the Buck Converter.

This will allow them to get power for the motors.

### Unscrew the Buck Converter connector
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/dc-dc-unscrew.webm" />

#text
First, **unscrew the two screws** of the ***OUT* connector** on the Buck Converter.

**Don't loose the screws !** You'll need them !
::

### Connect the Ground
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/dc-dc-ground.webm" />

#text
Place the **Ground Wires of the two Paw Boards** on the **Gound side of the Buck Converter's connector** (with the *OUT-* text label next to it).

**Screw the two wires** in place, making sure they are secure and have a **good contact with the metal** of the connector.
::

### Connect the Power
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/dc-dc-power.webm" />

#text
As for the Ground Wires, place the **Power Wires of the two Paw Boards** on the **Power side of the Buck Converter's connector** (with the *OUT+* text label next to it).

**Screw the two wires** in place, making sure they are secure and have a **good contact with the metal** of the connector.
::

### Screw the Buck Converter connector
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/dc-dc-screw.webm" />

#text
Now that the wires are properly placed on the terminal, **secure the connection by screwing the two screws** you removed in the previous step back in place.
::

---

## Adding the Back part

Well ... All the power components are now in place, let's finish this part by securing the Back part to the Torso !

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource            | Quantity |
| -------------------- | :------: |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws  |    4     |

### Place the Back part on the Torso

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/back-place.webm" />

#text
Place the Back part on the back of the torso, and align the holes of the back part with the holes of the torso.
::

### Screw the Back to the Torso

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/back-screw.webm" />

#text
Now that the back is aligned perfectly with the torso, **use four `M2.5 x 4mm` screws to secure it** in place.

Make sure the back part is well secured to the torso, but **don't overtighten the screws** to avoid damaging the parts.
::

---

Alright, let's finish the Torso now !

:nav-buttons{left="Final Assembly" left-link="./" left-icon="i-lucide-chevron-left" right="The Top Plate" right-link="./top-plate" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}