# The Universal Mount

Okay, we're almost done with the assembly !

We'll add the Universal Mount to the top of the torso, which will allow us to easily attach different accessories to the robot :)

---

## Adding the Universal Mount PCB

We'll start by attaching the Universal Mount PCB to the Universal Mount part.

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                             | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------- | :------: |
| `Universal Mount` part                |    1     |
| Universal Mount PCB                   |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws                   |    2     |

### Place the Universal Mount PCB

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/universal-place.webm" />

#text
**Place the Universal Mount PCB** on the Universal Mount part, and **align the holes** of the PCB with the holes of the part.
::

### Screw the Universal Mount PCB

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/universal-screw.webm" />\

#text
**Screw the Universal Mount PCB** to the Universal Mount part using two `M2.5 x 4mm` screws.
::

---

## Plug the wires in the Universal Mount PCB

Now that the Universal Mount PCB is in place, we can plug the 4 connectors to it.

### Connecting the Power Board

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/universal-power.webm" />

#text
Start by **connecting the JST-PH 4-Pin connector and the JST-PH 2-Pin connector** of the Power Board to the Universal Mount PCB.

Plug the wires into the connectors **with the :logo{name="bat"} Battery icon** next to them.
::

### Connecting the Main Board

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/universal-main.webm" />

#text
Then, **connect the JST-PH 4-Pin connector and the JST-PH 2-Pin connector** of the Main Board to the Universal Mount PCB.

Plug the wires into the connectors **with the :logo{name="brain"} Brain icon** next to them.
::

---

## Securing the Universal Mount to the Torso

Now that the Universal Mount is properly wired, we can secure it to the top of the torso.

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                             | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------- | :------: |
| `M2.5 x 6mm` screws                   |    4     |

### Place the Universal Mount on the Torso

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/universal-torso-place.webm" />

#text
**Place the Universal Mount** on top of the torso, and **align the holes** of the Universal Mount with the holes of the torso.

The Universal Mount should go from the center of the robot all the way to the Backplate of the head.
::

### Screw the Universal Mount in place

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/universal-torso-screw.webm" />

#text
Now that the Universal Mount is properly aligned, **screw it in place using the four `M2.5 x 4mm` screws**.

Make sure the Universal Mount is well secured to the torso to avoid any wobbling *(but don't overtighten the screws)*.
::

---

## Adding the Covers and Decorations

The hard work is now done, let's just add a couple of nice little styling parts to finish the assembly !

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                       | Quantity |
| ------------------------------- | :------: |
| `Universal Mount Wing (L)` part |    3     |
| `Universal Mount Wing (R)` part |    3     |
| `Universal Mount Logo` part     |    1     |
| Plastic Clips *(+ Clip Tool)*   |    8     |

### Insert the Left Wings

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/wing-l.webm" />

#text
**Insert the three Left Wings** into the left side of the Universal Mount using the Plastic Clips.

You know how to do it now, **push the Plastic Clips straight** using the Clip Tool to avoid any damage :)
::

### Insert the Right Wings

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/wing-l.webm" flip />

#text
In the same way, **insert the three Right Wings** into the right side of the Universal Mount using the Plastic Clips.

Remember to **push the Plastic Clips straight** until they snap in place !
::

### Add the Logo

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/logo.webm" />

#text
Finally, **add the Universal Mount Logo** on the front of the Universal Mount using two Plastic Clips.
::

### Screw the Universal Mount Cover

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/cover-screw.webm" />

#text
In order to protect the Universal Mount PCB when not used, **screw the Universal Mount Cover to the Universal Mount** using four `M2.5 x 4mm` screws.

**Check the orientation** of the cover before screwing it in place :)
::

---

## Final Check

Check all the parts for large gaps, misalignments, or loose screws, and adjust them if necessary !

If everything looks good ... Congratulations, you TNY-360 is now fully assembled and ready to be used !! 🎉

Head over to the [Startup & Setup](../../startup) section to power up your robot and check that everything is working properly :)

:nav-buttons{left="The Top Plate" left-link="./top-plate" left-icon="i-lucide-chevron-left" right="Startup & Setup" right-link="../../startup" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}