---
v-key: pcb-main
---

# Finishing the Head

Let's finish the assembly of the head by adding the remaining components and covers.

Keep in mind that the head is a bit more complex than the other parts of the robot, so take your time and follow the instructions carefully to make sure everything is properly installed and secured.

---

## Wire the components to the Main Board

We'll start by wiring the components of the torso to the Main Board.

### Plug the Motor Driver Main Connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/motor-driver-main-v1.2.webm" />

#text
First, **plug the Motor Driver Main Connector** to the JST-PH 5-Pin connector on the Main Board **with the :logo{name="driver"} Motor Driver icon** next to it.
::

### Plug the Analog Reader Main Connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/analog-reader-v1.2.webm" />

#text
Now, **plug the Analog Reader Main Connector** to the JST-PH 7-Pin connector on the Main Board **with the :logo{name="reader"} Analog Reader icon** next to it.
::

### Plug the IMU Main Connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/imu-v1.2.webm" />

#text
**Connect the IMU** to the Main Board by plugging the IMU Main Connector to the JST-PH 4-Pin connector on the Main Board **with the :logo{name="imu"} IMU icon** next to it.
::

### Add the Universal Mount I2C Connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/universal-mount-i2c-v1.2.webm" />

#text
**Wire the Universal Mount I2C Connector** by plugging it to the JST-PH 4-Pin connector on the Main Board **with the :logo{name="plug"} Plug icon** next to it.
::

### Add the Universal Mount Power Connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/universal-mount-power-v1.2.webm" />

#text
Then, do the same for the **Universal Mount Power Connector** by plugging it to the JST-PH 2-Pin connector on the Main Board **with the :logo{name="power"} Power icon** next to it.
::

### Plug the Speaker Connector

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/speaker-v1.2.webm" />

#text
Finally, **plug the Speaker Connector** to the little 2-Pin connector on the Main Board **with the :logo{name="speaker"} Speaker icon** next to it.
::

---

::info-box{type="tip" title="Check the wiring"}
At this point, it is a good idea to double-check all the wiring connections you have made so far :
- Make sure that all connectors are securely plugged and going all the way in.
- Make sure all connectors are plugged in the correct connector *(match the icons on the PCB)*.
- Make sure that the wires are not pinched or under tension, and that they are not in contact with any screws or sharp edges.
::

---

## Add the visor

If everything is properly wired, we can now add the visor to the head and start closing it up.

Here's what you'll need for this step:

| Ressource                             | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------- | :------: |
| `Visor` part                          |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws                   |    2     |

### Place the visor on the Bottom Cover

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/visor-place.webm" />

#text
**Place the visor on the Bottom Cover**, and align the bottom holes of the visor with the holes of the bottom cover.

You might need to **push the visor to the front of the `Bottom-Cover`** part to make sure the holes are properly aligned.
::

### Screw the visor in place

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/visor-screw.webm" />

#text
Now that the visor is properly aligned, **screw it in place using two `M2.5 x 4mm` screws**.

As for the other screws, **tighten them until the visor is snug** against the bottom cover, **but not more** to avoid damaging the parts.
::

---

## Add the Top Cover

Last step to close this head for good ! We'll add the top cover to finish the head assembly.

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                             | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------- | :------: |
| `Top-Cover` part                      |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws                   |    4     |

### Slide the Top Cover from the front

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/top-place.webm" />

#text
**Place the `Top-Cover` part on the top of the head** by sliding it from the front of the robot towards the back.

Pay close attention to the sides of the `Top-Cover` part, and **make sure the two ear motors fit in the cutouts** on the sides of the top cover.
::

### Screw the Top Cover

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/final/top-screw.webm" />

#text
When all the holes of the top cover are properly aligned with the holes of the backplate and the visor, you can start screwing the top cover in place.

**Use four `M2.5 x 4mm` screws to secure the top cover to the backplate and the visor**. Don't screw them too tight to avoid damaging the parts :)
::

---

If everything looks good, we can add the ears to the head before moving on to the legs !

:nav-buttons{left="The Torso" left-link="./torso" left-icon="i-lucide-chevron-left" right="Assembling the Ears" right-link="./ears" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}