# Assembling the Ears

The TNY-360 has two (cute) ears that can be attached to the head.

Let's build them quickly and add them to the robot !

---

## The base of the ears

We'll first attach the base of the ears to the motors.

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource              | Quantity |
| ---------------------- | :------: |
| `Ear Base (L)` part    |    1     |
| `Ear Base (R)` part    |    1     |
| `SG90 Servo Horn` part |    2     |

### Add the servo horn to the left ear base

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-horn.webm" />

#text
First, **place the `SG90 Servo Horn` part on the `Ear Base (L)` part**.

Align it with its slot on the ear base, and make sure it sits flush with the surface of the part.
::

### Attach the servo horn to servo motor

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-horn-place.webm" />

#text
Now that the servo horn is in place, **press the whole assembly** onto the servo motor.

Make sure **the ear is pointing up** before pressing it down to avoid any misalignment.
::

### <span class="text-primary">*\[Optional\]*</span> Screw the ear in place

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-horn-screw.webm" />

#text
If you want to be sure the ears won't come off, you can **screw the servo horn in place** using the small `M1.7 x 3mm` screws *(from the servo bag)*.

However, **<span class="text-primary">we don't recommend doing this</span>**.<br>
In the daily life of your robot, its ears *will* get bumped into.
If they aren't screwed in, they will just pop off safely and wait to be reattached.
If you screw them, a clumsy elbow strike could easily **destroy the mounting hole forever**!
::

### Repeat for the right ear

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-horn-repeat.webm" />

#text
Now, **repeat the same process for the right ear**.

Make sure both ears are properly aligned and pointing up before moving on to the next step !
::

---

## Build the rest of the ears

Now that the base of the ears is attached to the motors, we can build the rest of the ears and attach them to the head.

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource              | Quantity |
| ---------------------- | :------: |
| `Ear Front (L)` part   |    1     |
| `Ear Stripes (L)` part |    1     |
| `Ear Front (R)` part   |    1     |
| `Ear Stripes (R)` part |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws    |    2     |

### Place the stripes in the left ear front

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-stripes.webm" />

#text
We'll start by placing the stripes in the ear fronts.

**Slide the `Ear Stripes (L)` part into the `Ear Front (L)` part**, making sure they are properly aligned and fully inserted.
::

### Assemble the left ear

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-assemble.webm" />

#text
Now that the stripes are in place, we can **attach the front of the left ear to the base**.

Align the two parts and **press the front of the ear onto the base**.
::

### Screw to secure the left ear

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-screw.webm" />

#text
The left ear is now assembled. You can use a `M2.5 x 4mm` screw to **secure the front of the ear to the base**.

Place the screw in the hole on the middle of the ear and tighten it until it's snug, (but don't overtighten it to avoid damaging the parts).
::

### Repeat for the right ear

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/ears-assemble-repeat.webm" />

#text
You know the drill now, **repeat the same process for the right ear**.
::

---

If everything looks good, congratulations ! You've got the head of the TNY-360 fully assembled !<br>
Let's start assembling the legs now !

:nav-buttons{left="Finishing the Head" left-link="./final" left-icon="lucide:chevron-left" right="The Front-Left Leg" right-link="../leg-fl" right-icon="lucide:chevron-right"}