---
v-key: pcb-main
---

# Attaching to the Torso

We finished making the visor, but we need to attach it to the torso !

So let's add the rest of the head to the torso !

---

## Add the backplate

We'll start by adding the back of the head.

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource           | Quantity |
| ------------------- | :------: |
| `Torso-Bottom` part |    1     |
| `Backplate` part    |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws |    4     |

### Place the backplate on the torso

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/backplate-place.webm" />

#text
**Align the `Backplate`** part with the front of the `Torso-Bottom` part.

Make sure the holes of the backplate are aligned with the holes of the torso.
::

### Screw the backplate

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/backplate-screw.webm" />

#text
**Screw the `Backplate`** part to the front of the `Torso-Bottom` part using four `M2.5 x 4mm` screws.

Tighten the screws until the backplate is snug against the torso, but **avoid overtightening** to prevent damage to the parts.
::

---

## Add the Bottom Cover

The Backplate is now in place, let's add the bottom cover now !

For this step, you'll need:
| Ressource           | Quantity |
| ------------------- | :------: |
| `Bottom-Cover` part |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 4mm` screws |    2     |

### Place the bottom cover on the Backplate

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/bottom-cover-place.webm" />

#text
**Place the `Bottom-Cover`** part on the bottom of the `Backplate` part.

Make sure the two holes of the bottom cover are aligned with the two holes at the bottom of the backplate.
::

### Screw the bottom cover

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/bottom-cover-screw.webm" />

#text
**Screw the `Bottom-Cover`** part in place using two `M2.5 x 4mm` screws.

As always, tighten the screws until the bottom cover is snug but **avoid overtightening** them !
::

---

## Place the Speaker

Let's place the components of the head, starting with the speaker !

For this step, you'll need:
| Ressource           | Quantity |
| ------------------- | :------: |
| `Speaker` component |    1     |

### Remove the adhesive protection

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/speaker-adhesive.webm" />

#text
As for the antenna, the speaker has some adhesive on its front side.

**Peel off the protective film** to expose the adhesive, and **be careful not to touch it** !
::

### Place the speaker on the backplate

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/speaker-place.webm" />

#text
**Align the speaker** with its slot on the backplate, with its **wires going downwards**.

Make sure to clear any wire or dust from the backplate to ensure a good adhesion of the speaker.
::

### Press the speaker in place

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/speaker-press.webm" />

#text
If the speaker is properly aligned, you can now **press it firmly against the backplate** to make sure it sticks well.

You can **apply pressure for a couple of seconds**, but you don't need to hold it for too long, as the adhesive should bond quickly.
::

---

## Install the ears motors

We'll now add the two ear motors to the backplate (the ones we connected to the main board earlier).

For this step, you'll need:
| Ressource                              | Quantity |
| -------------------------------------- | :------: |
| `SG90 Servomotor`                      |    2     |
| `M2x7mm` screws *(from the servo bag)* |    4     |

### Place the left ear motor on the backplate

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/left-ear-place.webm" />

#text
**Place the Left Ear Motor** on the left side of the backplate, with its shaft on the upper side.

Make sure the holes of the motor are aligned with the holes of the backplate.
::

### Screw the left ear motor

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/left-ear-screw.webm" />

#text
**Screw the Left Ear Motor** in place using two `M2x7mm` screws.

Tighten the screws until the motor is snug against the backplate, but **avoid overtightening** them !
::

### Place the right ear motor on the backplate

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/right-ear-place.webm" />

#text
Do the same for the Right Ear Motor, but place it **on the right side of the backplate**, with its shaft on the upper side.

Make sure the holes of the motor are aligned with the holes of the backplate.
::

### Screw the right ear motor

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/head/torso/right-ear-screw.webm" />

#text
**Screw the Right Ear Motor** in place using two `M2x7mm` screws.

Tighten them until the motor is snug against the backplate, but **avoid overtightening** to prevent damage to the parts.
::

---

Okay, let's finish the head now !

:nav-buttons{left="Assembling the Visor" left-link="./visor" left-icon="i-lucide-chevron-left" right="Finishing the Head" right-link="./final" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}