---
title: Torso Assembly
description: Learn how to assemble the TNY-360 robot core, mount PCBs, and wire up motors and power components.
---

# Torso Assembly

In this first section, you'll learn how to assemble the core of the robot, mount the PCBs and wire up all the motors and components.

---

## 1 - Placing the Boards

Take the [Torso-Bottom](../../anatomy/hardware/parts/torso#bottom) part, and place it in front of you with the flat side down, and the `v1.0` label facing you.

### The Motor Driver

Place the **[Motor Driver PCB](../../anatomy/electronics/pcbs/driver)** in the **top-left corner** of the torso, with the 4 Paw connectors towards the center of the torso.

Screw the `motor driver` in place using 2x `M2.5x4` screws.

### The Analog Reader

Place the **[Analog Reader PCB](../../anatomy/electronics/pcbs/reader)** in the **top-right corner** of the torso, with the 4 Paw connectors towards the center of the torso.

Screw the `analog reader` in place using 2x `M2.5x4` screws.

### The Paw boards

Place the **2 [Paw Boards](../../anatomy/electronics/pcbs/paw)** in the **center** of the torso, with the `motor driver` and `analog reader` connectors facing towards the center.

Screw the `Paw boards` in place using 2x `M2.5x4` screws (1 per board).

### The IMU

Place the **IMU PCB** in the **center** of the torso, with the cable towards the back of the torso.

Screw the IMU in place using 2x `M2.5x4` screws.

### The Buck Converter

Place the **Buck Converter** in the **back** of the torso, where the *"v1.0"* label is.<br>
Make sure the input (`IN`) side is facing towards the back of the torso, and the output (`OUT`) side is facing towards the center of the torso.

Screw the Buck Converter in place using 4x `M2.5x4` screws.

::info-box{title="Caution" type="warning"}
The Buck Converter has two potentiometers for voltage and current adjustments.<br>
**Do not touch them**, as they are pre-calibrated to provide the correct voltage and current to the robot.

Changing their values can damage the robot and **will void the warranty**.

If you want to learn more about the Buck Converter and how to calibrate it, check out the [Buck Converter](../../anatomy/electronics/pcbs/buck-converter) section.
::

---

## 2 - Placing the Motors

### The Hip-Roll Motors

Take 4x `MG996R` motors with a cable length of `10cm`. These will be used as the hip-roll motors for the robot.

Place the 4 Motors on the sides of the robot, making sure the output shaft is towards the outside.

For each motor, use the 4 included screws to secure it in place. The screws should go through the holes on the motor and into the holes on the torso.

<!-- ### The Hip-Pitch & Knee-Pitch Motors

These motors will be mounted later on the robot, as they are part of the legs assembly. But since we need to connect them to the Paw Boards for a future `zero motor` calibration, we'll prepare them now.
 -->


---

## 3 - Wiring the Motors

Each [Paw Board](../../anatomy/electronics/pcbs/paw) has 2x3 connectors for the motors. Here's the motor assignment when looking at the connectors from the center to the outside of the torso :
* The **first connector** (near the :logo{name="paw"} Paw Icon) is the **hip-roll motor** connector.
* The **second connector** is the **hip-pitch motor** connector.
* The **third connector** is the **knee-pitch motor** connector.

Connect the **Hip-Roll Motors** on the torso to the **first connector** of the nearest Paw board.

### The Hip-Pitch & Knee-Pitch Motors

Even if the hip-pitch and knee-pitch motors will be mounted later on the legs, we need to connect them to the Paw boards now for the next step (the `zero motor` calibration).

Connect each hip-pitch and knee-pitch motor to the **second** and **third connectors** of the nearest Paw board respectively, even if the motors are not mounted yet.


---

## 4 - Wiring the Boards

Now that all the boards are screwed in place, it's time to wire them up.

### Wiring the Motor Driver

Take 4 `JST-PH 3-pin` cables. These will be used to connect the motor driver to the 2 Paw boards (2 cables per board).

On the Paw boards, locate the :logo{name="driver"} Motor Driver Icon, and plug the cables into the connectors.

Please make sure to connect the **top-right Motor Driver connector** to the **top-right Paw board connector**, same thing for the bottom-right, top-left, and bottom-left connectors. Otherwise, the legs will be wired incorrectly.

### Wiring the Analog Reader

Take 4 `JST-PH 4-pin` cables. These will be used to connect the analog reader to the 2 Paw boards (2 cables per board).

On the Paw boards, locate the :logo{name="reader"} Analog Reader Icon, and plug the cables into the connectors.

Please make sure to connect the **top-right Analog Reader connector** to the **top-right Paw board connector**, same thing for the bottom-right, top-left, and bottom-left connectors. Otherwise, the legs will be wired incorrectly.

### Wiring the Buck Converter

Now that the motor driver and analog reader are connected to the Paw boards, it's time to connect the Buck Converter to provide power to the motors.

On each [Paw Board](../../anatomy/electronics/pcbs/paw), you'll find two large wires with [Ring Terminals](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Electrical_connector#Ring_and_spade_connectors) at the end. These are the power wires that need to be connected to the Buck Converter.

Unscrew the `Buck Converter` output (`OUT`) terminal screws.
Insert the two **red wires** from the Paw boards into the `+` terminal, and the two **black wires** into the `-` terminal.
Make sure to tighten the terminal screws to secure the wires in place.

---

## 5 - Back & Power Board

The torso is assembled and wired up, but we still need to install the power board and its cover on the back of the torso to give power to the entire robot.

:todo


::nav-buttons{right="Head Assembly" right-link="./head-assembly" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}
::