---
v-key: pcb-driver
---

# Wiring Everything

All the PCBs, components, and motors are now securely mounted to the torso, so it's time to wire everything together!

Only one rule here : **Don't mix up the connections**, otherwise your robot will walk funny *(or not walk at all)* !

---

## Wire the Motors

We'll first connect the motors to the Paw Boards.

Remember one thing : These motors are for the `Hip-Roll` joints, so you should plug them in the connectors with the `HR` label next to them !

### The Front-Left motor
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/front-left-motor-wire.webm" />

#text
Connect the **Front-Left motor** to the **first connector on the left** of the **Front Paw Board**.

Make sure you are plugging it in the right way, with the **black wire towards the center** of the board.
::

### The Back-Left motor
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/back-left-motor-wire.webm" />

#text
Connect the **Back-Left motor** to the **first connector on the left** of the **Back Paw Board**.

Make sure you are plugging it in the right way, with the **black wire towards the center** of the board.
::

### The Back-Right motor
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/back-right-motor-wire.webm" />

#text
Connect the **Back-Right motor** to the **first connector on the right** of the **Back Paw Board**.

Make sure you are plugging it in the right way, with the **black wire towards the center** of the board.
::

### The Front-Right motor
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/front-right-motor-wire.webm" />

#text
Connect the **Front-Right motor** to the **first connector on the right** of the **Front Paw Board**.

Make sure you are plugging it in the right way, with the **black wire towards the center** of the board.
::

---

## Wire the Motor Driver

Now let's wire the Motor Driver to the Paw Boards.

For this step, you'll need :

| Connector type | Wire length | Quantity |
| -------------- | ----------- | :------: |
| JST-PH 3-Pin   | 10cm        |    4     |

### The Front-Left wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/motor-driver-front-left.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 3-Pin` wire to the **Front-Left connector** of the Motor Driver (with the **1** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Left Motor Driver Connector** of the **Front Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="driver"} Motor Driver icon next to it).

::

### The Back-Left wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/motor-driver-back-left.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 3-Pin` wire to the **Back-Left connector** of the Motor Driver (with the **2** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Left Motor Driver Connector** of the **Back Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="driver"} Motor Driver icon next to it).
::

### The Back-Right wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/motor-driver-back-right.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 3-Pin` wire to the **Back-Right connector** of the Motor Driver (with the **3** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Right Motor Driver Connector** of the **Back Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="driver"} Motor Driver icon next to it).
::

### The Front-Right wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/motor-driver-front-right.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 3-Pin` wire to the **Front-Right connector** of the Motor Driver (with the **4** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Right Motor Driver Connector** of the **Front Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="driver"} Motor Driver icon next to it).
::

---

## Wire the Analog Reader

Moving on to the Analog Reader, we'll connect it to the Paw Boards as well.

For this step, you'll need :

| Connector type | Wire length | Quantity |
| -------------- | ----------- | :------: |
| JST-PH 4-Pin   | 10cm        |    4     |


### The Front-Left wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/analog-reader-front-left.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 4-Pin` wire to the **Front-Left connector** of the Analog Reader (with the **1** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Left Analog Reader Connector** of the **Front Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="reader"} Analog Reader icon next to it).
::

### The Back-Left wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/analog-reader-back-left.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 4-Pin` wire to the **Back-Left connector** of the Analog Reader (with the **2** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Left Analog Reader Connector** of the **Back Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="reader"} Analog Reader icon next to it).
::

### The Back-Right wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/analog-reader-back-right.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 4-Pin` wire to the **Back-Right connector** of the Analog Reader (with the **3** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Right Analog Reader Connector** of the **Back Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="reader"} Analog Reader icon next to it).
::

### The Front-Right wire
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/analog-reader-front-right.webm" />

#text
Connect one end of a `JST-PH 4-Pin` wire to the **Front-Right connector** of the Analog Reader (with the **4** :logo{name="paw"} Paw Board icon next to it).

Connect the other end of the wire to the **Right Analog Reader Connector** of the **Front Paw Board** (with the :logo{name="reader"} Analog Reader icon next to it).
::

---

## Additional wires

We'll now add a couple more wires to the torso : The wires towards the Head of the robot !

For this step, you'll need :

| Connector type | Wire length | Quantity |
| -------------- | ----------- | :------: |
| JST-PH 2-Pin   | 10cm        |    1     |
| JST-PH 5-Pin   | 10cm        |    1     |
| JST-PH 7-Pin   | 10cm        |    1     |

### Motor Driver main connector
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/motor-driver-main.webm" />

#text
Use the `JST-PH 5-Pin` wire, and connect one end to the Motor Driver's :logo{name="brain"} Brain connector.

Move the other side of the connector towards the front of the robot (where the Head will be).
::

### Analog Reader main connector
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/torso/analog-reader-main.webm" />

#text
Use the `JST-PH 7-Pin` wire, and connect one end to the Analog Reader's :logo{name="brain"} Brain connector.

Move the other side of the connector towards the front of the robot.
::

---

We can now get started on the head, let's see how to do that !

:nav-buttons{left="Adding the motors" left-link="./motors" left-icon="lucide:chevron-left" right="The Head" right-link="../head" right-icon="lucide:chevron-right"}