# Bottom Assembly

We'll start by assembling the bottom part of the leg !

Follow the steps in order and take your time :) Snapping things in place is satisfying, not stressful !

---

## Add the Round Servo Horn

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                     | Quantity |
| ----------------------------- | :------: |
| Round Servo Horn              |    1     |
| `M1.4 x 5mm` screws           |    4     |
| Printed part `Leg-Bottom (R)` |    1     |

### Place the Servo Horn

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/horn-place.webm" flip />

#text
Insert the Round Servo Horn into the slot at the top of the `Leg-Bottom (R)` part.

Make sure the small slot for the servo axle is **pointing up** and the horn sits flush in the recess.
::

### Screw the Servo Horn

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/horn-screw.webm" flip />

#text
**Align the holes** of the `Leg-Bottom (R)` part and the holes of the Round Servo Horn to be able to insert the screws.

Secure the servo horn with the **four `M1.4 x 5mm` screws**. Make sure to not overtighten them to avoid damaging the parts.
::

---

## Assemble the foot

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                | Quantity |
| ------------------------ | :------: |
| Contact Switch `6x6x5mm` |    1     |
| Contact Switch Wire      |    1     |
| TPU Printed Foot         |    1     |

### Pull the Contact Switch Wires

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/wire-pull.webm" flip />

#text
Feed the Contact Switch Wire from the back of the `Leg-Bottom (R)` part, through the hole and the internal channels, towards the Contact Switch.
::

### Place the Contact Switch

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/switch-place.webm" flip />

#text
Press the `6x6x5mm` contact switch into the slot at the bottom of the `Leg-Bottom (R)` part.

Make sure the two legs of the switch are going into the Connector of the wire.
::

### Add the TPU Foot

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/foot-place.webm" flip />

#text
Clip the TPU Foot on the front of the `Leg-Bottom (R)` part.

The TPU should snap into the retaining features and sit flush.
::

---

## Install the Plastic Covers

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource                          | Quantity |
| ---------------------------------- | :------: |
| Plastic Clip *(+ Clip Tool)*       |    4     |
| `Cover-Bottom (R)`                 |    1     |
| `Cover-Bottom-Deco 1 (R)`          |    1     |
| `Cover-Bottom-Deco 2 (R)`          |    1     |


### Press the first Plastic Clips

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/clips-first.webm" flip />

#text
Insert two plastic clips into the holes of the `Cover-Bottom (R)` part using the Clip Tool.

Push them **straight** in the holes until it clips in place.
::

### Press the Bottom Plastic Cover

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/bottom-cover.webm" flip />

#text
Align the `Cover-Bottom (R)` part with the `Leg-Bottom (R)` part.

Push the free ends of the plastic clips into the holes on the `Leg-Bottom (R)` part until they lock in place.
::

### Press the second Plastic Clips

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/clips-second.webm" flip />

#text
Push two more plastic clips in the holes of the `Cover-Bottom (R)` part using the Clip Tool.

Make sure to push them straight to avoid damaging the parts.
::

### Press the two Top Plastic Cover

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/bottom/top-covers.webm" flip />

#text
Clip the two top decorative covers (`Cover-Bottom-Deco 1 (R)` and `Cover-Bottom-Deco 2 (R)`) onto the `Cover-Bottom (R)` part.

They should snap into the clips and will add the final styling to the foot assembly.
::

---

Alright, let's move on to the top part then !

:nav-buttons{left="The Front-Right Leg" left-link="./" left-icon="i-lucide-chevron-left" right="Top Assembly" right-link="./top" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}
