# Power Up

Alright ! You have your TNY-360, you have your battery pack, and you are ready to power up your robot for the first time!

---

## Attach your battery pack

Depending on the battery pack you have, you have a few options to attach it to your TNY-360 :

### 1 - Using the included battery holder

If you have a standard RC battery, you can use the included battery holder to attach it to your TNY-360.

Simply screw the battery holder to the bottom of your TNY-360, and then use velcro or zip ties to secure your battery to the holder.

### 2 - Designing your own battery holder

If you already want to tinker a bit with your TNY-360, you can design your own battery holder and 3D print it!

The TNY-360 has 4 mounting holes at the bottom, in which you can screw your own battery holder.

If you want to go this way, check out the *(soon available)* [Custom Battery Guide](#) for more information on how to design your own battery holder.

---

## Connect your battery pack

The TNY-360 has an XT30 connector for the battery pack.

While this connector is pretty common, you may not find a battery pack with an XT30 connector. <br>
In that case, you can use an XT30 to XT60 adapter, or you can solder your own XT30 connector to your battery pack.

Once you have your battery pack ready, simply plug it into the XT30 connector on the TNY-360.

---

### Check that the robot boots up

Once you have your battery pack connected, the TNY-360 should boot up automatically.

Check that the robot is booting up by looking at the screen on the TNY-360. You should see the TNY Robotics logo briefly.

::info-box{type="warning" title="Unplug the battery pack if the robot doesn't boot up"}
If you don't see any activity after a couple of seconds, unplug the battery pack immediately and go over all the connections inside the robot to make sure everything is connected properly.
::

---

All good ? Great! Let's move on to the next step!

::nav-buttons{right="Diagnostic" rightLink="./diagnostic" righticon="lucide:chevron-right"}
::