# Diagnostic

Now that your TNY-360 is powered up, we will go through the final diagnostic and calibration steps to ensure everything is working correctly.

---

The first time you power up your TNY-360, it will boot into [Diagnostic Mode](#).<br>
This mode will allow you to check that all the wiring inside the robot is correct, and that all the sensors are functioning correctly.

### Use your phone to scan the QR Code

In Diagnostic Mode, the robot will show a big QR Code on the screen, with an phone animation next to it.

Use your phone to scan the QR Code. This will connect your phone to the robot's Wi-Fi network.

::info-box{type="tip" title="Can't scan the QR Code ?"}
It is possible that your phone doesn't have a QR Code scanner built-in, or doesn't want to connect to the network by itself.

In that case, go to your phone's Wi-Fi settings, and connect to the network named `TNY-360`. No password is required.
::

Once connected to the robot's Wi-Fi network, your phone should automatically open a web page with the robot's diagnostic interface.

If it doesn't, open your phone's web browser and go to the address `http://192.168.4.1` manually.

### Run the diagnostic

Once on the Diagnostic page, you will see a list of all the tests that the robot will run.

To run the diagnostic, simply click on the big "Run Diagnostic" button at the top of the page.<br>
The robot will then run through all the tests, and display the progress and results on the page.

---

## What if something fails ?

While running the diagnostic, it is possible that some tests fail.

Don't worry, this doesn't mean that your robot is broken forever! It just means that something is not working correctly, and you will need to fix it.

### Check the error message

When a test fails, the test will display in red with an error on it.

Click the test card to see more information about the error. This will open a modal with a complete description of the error, and some suggestions on how to fix it.

Follow the suggestions to fix the error, and then run the diagnostic again to check that everything is working correctly.

::info-box{type="tip" title="Ask the community for help!"}
Troubleshooting errors can be tricky, and sometimes you may not know how to fix it at all.

In that case, don't hesitate to ask the community for help! You can join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/XGABkx5A4y) and ask for help! The community is very friendly and will be happy to help you out.
::

---

All tests passed ? Fantastic! The robot page should now ask you to reboot the robot to finish the diagnostic process.

Once rebooted, the robot will boot into its normal mode, but we strongly recommend that you go through the calibration process to ensure that everything is working as expected.

::nav-buttons{left="Powering up" leftLink="./power-up" lefticon="lucide:chevron-left" right="Calibration" rightLink="./calibration" righticon="lucide:chevron-right"}
::