# Calibration

Calibration is the process of adjusting the robot's sensors and actuators to ensure accurate readings and movements.

This process is crucial for the robot to function correctly, as it ensures that the robot's perception of its environment matches reality.

---

Calibrating your TNY-360 is a simple process that can be done in a few steps. Here's how to do it!

## Connect to the robot's Wi-Fi network

First, make sure you are connected to the robot's Wi-Fi network.
It should be named `TNY-360`, without any password required to connect.

Once you are connected to the robot's Wi-Fi network, your phone/computer should automatically open a web page with the robot's web portal.

::info-box{type="tip" title="The page doesn't open automatically ?"}
If the page doesn't open automatically, open your web browser and go to the address `http://192.168.4.1` manually.
::

## Go to the calibration page

Since the robot is missing calibration data, the web portal should automatically prompt you to start the calibration process.

If it does, simply click on the "Calibrate" button to go to the calibration page.

::info-box{type="tip" title="If there's no prompt to calibrate ?"}
If the page doesn't open any prompt, you can always manually go to the calibration page by going to `http://192.168.4.1/calibration` in your web browser.
::

## Start the calibration process

On the calibration page, you will see a list of all the sensors and actuators that need to be calibrated.

To start the calibration process, simply click on the "Start Calibration" button at the top of the page.

::info-box{type="warning" title="Hold the robot in the air during calibration"}
During the calibration process, the robot will move its actuators without really "thinking" about its movements.

You cannot let the robot touch the ground during this process, as it will throw off the calibration process and make it inaccurate.

The best way to do this is to hold the robot on its back and in the air with your hands, while keeping all fingers away from the robot's moving parts *(we don't want you to get pinched!)*.
::

## What if the calibration fails ?

The calibration process can fail for a number of reasons. But don't worry, this doesn't mean that your robot won't work at all! It just means that something is not as it should be, and you will need to fix it.

### Check the error message

When the calibration process fails, the sensor/actuator that failed will be displayed in red, with an error message on it.

Click the sensor/actuator card to see more information about the error. This will open a modal with a complete description of the error, and some suggestions on how to fix it.

Follow the suggestions to fix the error, and then run the calibration process again to check that everything is working correctly.

::info-box{type="tip" title="Ask the community for help!"}
Troubleshooting errors can be tricky, and sometimes you may not know how to fix it at all.

In that case, don't hesitate to ask the community for help! You can join our [Discord server](https://discord.gg/XGABkx5A4y) and ask for help! The community is very friendly and will be happy to help you out.
::

---

The calibration process can take a couple of minutes to finish. Check the progress on the page, and wait for the robot to finish calibrating all its sensors and actuators.

Once the calibration process is finished, the robot will display a message on the page indicating that the calibration was successful.

Just a quick reboot, and your TNY-360 will be ready to go!

::nav-buttons{left="Diagnostic" leftLink="./diagnostic" lefticon="lucide:chevron-left" right="Done" rightLink="./congratulations" righticon="lucide:chevron-right"}
::