# Shoulder Installation

We'll now install the Shoulder of the Back-Right leg, which is the part that connects the leg to the torso !

---

## Add the Shoulder Part

We'll first add the Shoulder Part, which is the main structural part of the Shoulder assembly.

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource                 | Quantity |
| ------------------------- | :------: |
| `Shoulder (BR)` Part      |    1     |

### Slide the Shoulder Part towards the Bottom

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-br/shoulder/shoulder-place.webm" />

#text
Place the `Shoulder (BR)` part on top of Back-Right slot on the `Torso-Bottom` part.

Slide it down while twisting it slightly around the shaft of the Servomotor until it sits straight in the slot.
::

### Twist the Shoulder Part towards the exterior

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-br/shoulder/shoulder-twist.webm" />

#text
Twist the `Shoulder (BR)` part towards the exterior of the robot so it's in the correct position.
::

---

## Add the Straight Servo Horn

Now that the `Shoulder (BR)` Part is in place, we'll add the Straight Servo Horn to link the Servomotor to it.

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource                                  | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------------ | :------: |
| Straight Servo Horn *(from the servo bag)* |    1     |
| `M3 x 6mm` screw *(from the servo bag)*    |    1     |

### Place the Servo Horn on the Servomotor Shaft

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/horn-place.webm" flip />

#text
**Place the Servo Horn straight and aligned with the recess** of the `Shoulder (BR)` part.

Once it's aligned, **press the Servo Horn** on the motor's shaft.

::info-box{title="Horn Orientation" type="tip"}
If you can't push the Servo Horn straight on the shaft, turn it by 180° and try again with the new orientation.
::
::

### Screw the Servo Horn to secure the Joint

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/horn-screw.webm" flip />

#text
Now that the Servo Horn is in place, use a `M3 x 6mm` screw from the servo's bag to **secure the joint** in place.

**Make sure this screw is tight** so the joint doesn't come apart during use.
::

---

## Guide the Wires

We'll continue the little cable management we started in the previous step by guiding the wires of the Servomotor and the Contact Switch through the Shoulder Part.

### Pull the wires through the Shoulder Part

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/guide-wires.webm" flip />

#text
Now, **pull the Servomotor wires and Contact Switch wires** through the `Shoulder (BR)`.

Check that the wires are not pinched and **have enough slack** to allow the leg to move freely.
::

---

## Add the Shoulder Servomotor

Everything is now ready to add the last Servomotor of the leg, which is the one on the Shoulder.

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource                                                   | Quantity |
| ----------------------------------------------------------- | :------: |
| **Top** MG996R Servomotor *(the ones with 10cm long wires)* |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 10mm` screws *(from the servo bag)*                 |    4     |

### Place the Servomotor on the Shoulder Part

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/servo-place.webm" flip />

#text
**Slide the Servomotor** on the `Shoulder (BR)` part, with the shaft of the motor on the back side of the robot. 

**Check that the wires stay guided** through the `Shoulder (BR)` hole on the top of the part and are not pinched.
::

### Screw the Servomotor in place

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/servo-screw.webm" flip />

#text
Now that the Servomotor is in place, **use the four `M2.5 x 10mm` screws** to secure it to the `Shoulder (BR)` part.

Make sure the servomotor is straight in its slot and tighten the screws until it's snug, but **avoid overtightening to prevent damage** to the motor or the part.
::

---

## Add the Shoulder pin

The Shoulder assembly is now almost complete, we'll secure the other side of the joint by adding the Shoulder Pin.

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource               | Quantity |
| ----------------------- | :------: |
| The `Shoulder-Pin` part |    1     |

### Place and Press the Shoulder Pin in the Pin Hole

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/pin-place.webm" flip />

#text
Align the `Shoulder-Pin` part with the Hole on the `Torso` part and the `Shoulder (BR)` part,
and verify that the little hole on the `Shoulder-Pin` part is towards the exterior of the robot.

Then, press the `Shoulder-Pin` part in the hole until it sits flush and secure.
::

---

## Add the Shoulder Top Part

We'll finish the Shoulder assembly by adding the Shoulder Top part.

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource                 | Quantity |
| ------------------------- | :------: |
| `Shoulder-Top` Part       |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 6mm` screws       |    2     |


### Align the Shoulder Top Part

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/top-place.webm" flip />

#text
Place the `Shoulder-Top` part on top of the `Shoulder (BR)` part, and align the holes of the two screws.

Check that the Servo Shaft and the center of the `Shoulder-Top` part are aligned.
If not, adjust the position of the Servomotor by unscrewing it, moving it slightly, and screwing it back in place.
::

### Screw the Shoulder Top Part

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/top-screw.webm" flip />

#text
Once the `Shoulder-Top` part is well aligned, use two `M2.5 x 6mm` screws to secure it to the `Shoulder (BR)` part.

As for the other screws, make sure to tighten them until the `Shoulder-Top` part is snug, but **avoid overtightening** to prevent damage to the parts.
::

---

## Add the Leg Assembly

Now is time to add the fix the leg to the Shoulder and see everything come together !

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource                                 | Quantity |
| ----------------------------------------- | :------: |
| A `M3 x 6mm` Screw *(from the servo bag)* |    1     |

### Align the Leg Assembly with the Shoulder

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/assembly-align.webm" flip />

#text
**Align the `Leg Assembly (BR)` with the `Shoulder (BR)`**, check that the marks on either side of the joint match.

Once it's done, **Press the `Leg Assembly (BR)` on the `Shoulder (BR)`** part until it sits flush.
::

### Screw the Leg Assembly to secure the Joint

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-bl/shoulder/assembly-screw.webm" flip />

#text
**Use the `M3 x 6mm` screw** to secure the joint.

Make sure to **really tighten this screw** to ensure the leg is securely attached to the Shoulder and won't come apart during use.
::

---

We still need to add a couple of plastic covers to make it look nice, so let's do that now !

:nav-buttons{left="Leg Assembly" left-link="./assembly" left-icon="lucide:chevron-left" right="The Plastic Covers" right-link="./covers" right-icon="lucide:chevron-right"}