# Wiring the Leg

Now that the leg is fully assembled and attached to the body, let's wire it up !

---

## Wiring the leg connectors

All the leg connectors (motors and contact switch) will be connected to the Paw Board in the center of the torso.

### The Contact Switch

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-br/wiring/contact-switch.webm" />

#text
**Plug the contact switch connector into the `JST-PH 2-Pin` port** of the Paw Board, with the :logo{name="paw"} Paw logo next to it.

Make sure you **plug the connector in the right side** of the board to avoid switching the left and right sensors.
::

### The Hip-Pitch Motor

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-br/wiring/hip-pitch.webm" />

#text
**Plug the Hip-Pitch motor connector into the second `JST-XH 4-Pin` port** of the Paw Board, with the **HP** label next to it.

Make sure you **plug the connector in the right side** of the board to avoid switching the left and right motors.
::

### The Knee-Pitch Motor

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-br/wiring/knee-pitch.webm" />

#text
**Plug the Knee-Pitch motor connector into the last `JST-XH 4-Pin` port** of the Paw Board, with the **KP** label next to it.

Make sure you **plug the connector in the right side** of the board to avoid switching the left and right motors.
::

---

## Verification

Check quickly that all the connectors are properly plugged in, and that the wires are not twisted or under tension.

If you notice any issues, or have any doubts about the wiring, don't hesitate to go back to verify the previous steps or ask for help on the Discord Server !

---

All good ? Let's switch to the front one and finish all the legs !

:nav-buttons{left="The Plastic Covers" left-link="./covers" left-icon="i-lucide-chevron-left" right="The Front-Right Leg" right-link="../leg-fr" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}