# The Top Plate

We'll now close the torso by adding the top plate, which will also serve as a base for the Universal Mount !

---

::info-box{title="Verify all the wiring" type="tip"}
Before adding the top plate, let's quickly verify that all the wiring is correct and secure.

Check all Wires and connectors to make sure that :
- All connectors are securely plugged and going all the way in.
- All connectors are plugged in the correct connector *(Front-Left with Front-Left, etc.)*
- The wires are not pinched or under tension, and that they are not in contact with any screws or sharp edges.
::

---

## Install the Top Plate

Everything seems good ? Great, let's now add the top plate to the torso !

For this step, you'll need:

| Ressource                             | Quantity |
| ------------------------------------- | :------: |
| `DC-DC-Cover` part                    |    1     |
| `Torso-Top` part                      |    1     |
| `M2.5 x 6mm` screws                   |    12    |

### Place the Buck-Converter Cover

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/buck-cover-place.webm" />

#text
Place the **Buck-Converter Cover** on top of the Buck Converter.

Make sure that the cover is properly seated between the two radiators of the Buck Converter.
::

### Place the Top Plate on the Torso

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/top-place.webm" />

#text
**Place the `Top-Cover` part on top of the torso**, and align the holes of the top cover with the holes of the torso.

Make sure that you are **not pinching any wires** between the top cover and the torso.
::

### Verify the wires

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/top-wires.webm" />

#text
Check that the **4 connectors for the Universal Mount are sticking out** of the hole in the middle.

If not, remove the plate and **adjust the wires until they are properly sticking out** of the hole, then place the plate back on the torso.
::

### Screw the Top Plate in place

::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/final/top-screw.webm" />

#text
Now that the top plate is properly aligned, **screw it in place using 12 `M2.5 x 6mm` screws**.

Make sure these screws are tightened properly, but **don't overtighten them** to avoid damaging the parts.
::

---

If everything looks good, we can now move on to the final step : Adding the Universal Mount !

:nav-buttons{left="The Power Management" left-link="./power" left-icon="i-lucide-chevron-left" right="The Universal Mount" right-link="./universal-mount" right-icon="i-lucide-chevron-right"}