# Leg Assembly

Now that you have the bottom and top assemblies of the leg, it's time to put them together !

---

## Merge the Bottom and Top Assemblies

We'll start by merging the `Leg-Bottom (FL)` and `Leg-Top (FL)` parts together to form the complete leg structure.

For this part, you'll need :

| Ressource                               | Quantity |
| --------------------------------------- | :------: |
| The `Leg-Bottom (L)` part               |    1     |
| The `Leg-Top (FL)` part                 |    1     |
| `M3 x 6mm` screw *(from the servo bag)* |    1     |

### Align and Press the Top and Bottom Assemblies
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/assembly/align.webm" />

#text
Find the little mark on the side of the `Leg-Bottom (L)` part and the corresponding mark on the `Leg-Top (FL)` part.

Align the two parts by matching the marks, then press them together until they snap in place.
::

### Screw to secure the Joint
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/assembly/screw.webm" />

#text
Use a `M3x6mm` screw to secure the joint between the `Leg-Bottom (L)` and `Leg-Top (FL)` parts.

Make sure to to tighten the screw *(you can really tighten it)* to ensure the joint is secure and won't come apart during use.
::

---

## Guide the wires

Now that the leg is assembled, we'll do a little bit of cable management to avoid pinching them later :)

For this step, you'll need :

| Ressource                               | Quantity |
| --------------------------------------- | :------: |
| The `Bottom-Wire-Holder` part           |    1     |
| The `Top-Wire-Holder (L)` part              |    1     |
| A Plastic Clip *(+ Clip Tool)           |    1     |

### Place the Bottom Wire Holder
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/assembly/bottom-holder.webm" />

#text
We'll first guide the wires next to the joint of the robot.

Take the `Bottom-Wire-Holder` part and one Plastic Clip, and snap them in place next to the servomotor.

Pull the Contact Switch Wires and the Servomotor Wires behind the `Bottom-Wire-Holder` to clean the wiring.
Make sure you leave enough slack on the Contact Switch Wire for the knee to move freely.
::

### Place the Top Wire Holder
::step
#animation
<Animation src="/docs/images/assembly/leg-fl/assembly/top-holder.webm" />

#text
Now that the wires are well organized at the bottom, let's do the same on the bottom usig the `Top-Wire-Holder (L)` part.

Push the wires flush on the `Leg-Top (FL)` part and place the Wire Holder on top of them to secure them in place.
::

---

All good, let's attach this leg to the rest of the robot by making the Shoulder !

:nav-buttons{left="Top Assembly" left-link="./top" left-icon="lucide:chevron-left" right="Shoulder Installation" right-link="./shoulder" right-icon="lucide:chevron-right"}
